# iot_assn1


Assignment 1
Reminder
Consider a tracking system for parcel. We want to inform customers where their parcels are.
To do that, we have a small database about customers, locations, parcels.

Customers(custId, custName, custLocation*)
Locations(LocId, locAddress, city)
Parcels(parcelId, weight, custId*, finalLocation*)
Located(parcelId, locId, date, time, operation)

Operation is either: boarding, transfer, delivering. All id should be auto incremented.
#### To Do
# A. Server side (node and express/EJS)
### Create a nodeJS app that will handle the following operations
1. Create a transaction (set of pages) that enables you to create a new parcel.
Customer Id and final Location may be chosen with the help of lists. The final page
should exhibit the id of the new parcel (generated by Maria DB)
2. Create a transaction that exhibits the whole list (in an html table) of the parcels of a
customer (chosen in a first step in a list).
3. Create a route / that will be a menu for accessing these two transactions.

# B. Server and Client sides (node/express and Angular)
### Extend your nodeJS app in order to implement this transaction.
1. Define the (node.js) routes and (angular) functions for showing the history of a
parcel. Add a client side function for adding a new (transfer) operation. Action will be
possible only if the parcel has not been delivered.
2. Extend your Angular app so that the last operation can be canceled
3. (ie delete or rollback).

# Key dates and requirements
- There is no requirement about the visual rendering.
- Group of at most 2 students
- Delivering: October 18, 2022 - 11.55pm (moodle)
- A zip file containing your app and a leaflet describing your app.
